Improve README (#909)
elastic/elasticsearch-js: docs/introduction.asciidoc

----

=== Compatibility

[%header,cols=2*] 
|===
|Elasticsearch Version
|Client Version

|`master`
|`master`

|`7.x`
|`7.x`

|`6.x`
|`6.x`

|`5.x`
|`5.x`
|===

To install a specific major of the client, run the following command:
----
npm install @elastic/elasticsearch@<major>
----

==== Browser

> There is no official support for the browser environment since expose your Elasticsearch instance to everyone could lead to security issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: There is no official support for the browser environment. It exposes your Elasticsearch instance to everyone, which could lead to security issues.
```

> We recommend you to write a lightweight proxy that uses this client instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you write a lightweight proxy that uses this client instead.
```
